Add ARM limitation (#2703)
astronomer/docs: astro/kubernetespodoperator.md

- Cross-account service accounts are not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster. To allow access to external data sources, you can provide credentials and secrets to tasks.
- PersistentVolumes (PVs) are not supported on Pods launched in an Astro cluster.
- (Hybrid only) You cannot run a KubernetesPodOperator task in a worker queue or node pool that is different than the worker queue of its parent worker. For example, a KubernetesPodOperator task that is triggered by an `m5.4xlarge` worker on AWS will also be run on an `m5.4xlarge` node. To run a task on a different node instance type, you must launch it in an external Kubernetes cluster. If you need assistance launching KubernetesPodOperator tasks in external Kubernetes clusters, contact [Astronomer support](https://support.astronomer.io).

> - ARM images are not supported in the KubernetesPodOperator. To build images using the AMD platform on your Mac with Apple chip, add the `--platform` flag in the `FROM` command of your `Dockerfile`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't run the KubernetesPodOperator with ARM distributions of Astro Runtime. To build images using the AMD platform on a Mac with an Apple chip, add the `--platform` flag to the `FROM` command in your Astro project `Dockerfile`. For example:
```

Author: @jwitz KPO does not need Astro runtime image. it can run any custom image which as long as it follows x86 arch

Reviewer: But we're in the Astro tab, and this doc is mainly about running it on Astro. So we should assume Runtime in this doc

    ```bash

>     FROM --platform=linux/amd64 postgres:latest

Reviewer: Do we need a quay.io link to a Runtime image here?

Reviewer: Where does the image come from if you don't have a link to the image?

Author: by default every image comes from Docker registry. if a link is provided it will go the link, else docker. This is a valid line from my test file.

> - You can't use an image built using ARM architecture in the KubernetesPodOperator. To build images using the x86 architecture on a Mac with an Apple chip, include the `--platform` flag in the `FROM` command of your `Dockerfile` that constructs your custom image for KPO. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can't use an image built for an ARM architecture in the KubernetesPodOperator. To build images using the x86 architecture on a Mac with an Apple chip, include the `--platform` flag in the `FROM` command of your `Dockerfile` that constructs your custom image for KPO. For example:
```
